DOCS-10432: add autodiscovery to temporal doc (#20049)
DataDog/integrations-core: temporal/README.md

4. [Restart the Agent][5].

<!-- xxz tab xxx -->

<!-- xxx tab "Containerized" xxx -->

#### Containerized

##### Metric collection

> For containerized environments, see [Configure integrations with Autodiscovery on Kubernetes][14] or [Configure integrations with Autodiscovery on Docker][15] for guidance on applying the parameters below. See the [sample temporal.d/conf.yaml][4] for all available configuration options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For containerized environments, refer to [Configure integrations with Autodiscovery on Kubernetes][14] or [Configure integrations with Autodiscovery on Docker][15] for instructions on using the parameters below. See the [sample temporal.d/conf.yaml][4] for a complete list of configuration options.
```
Just a slight suggestion for wording clarity.
